	My idea is for a fantasy themed text adventure.  It will be linear, but extremely intricate.  The player will begin by entering their character name, selecting a background i.e. what they did in their life.  Then they will pick a class i.e. what they excel at: warrior, thief, or wizard.  Picking a background may have an impact on anything encountered in the game, granting bonus options to the player depending on situation.  An acolyte may recognize a holy relic, while a criminal in a seedy tavern may have the street smarts to meet gang leaders.  The class represents how the player engages with the world.  Through combat?  Sneakily?  Or in a deeper way?  The player's class choice can lead to victory or ruin.
	Items that are included will be: coins, equipment, arms & armor, tools, trade goods, and magical items.  Other elements that will be included are: status conditions, falling, hiding, resting, suffocating, vision and light.  Combat is fairly straightforward, possibly including elements such as cover in certain situations that call for them.  Anything that affects combat will apply buff or debuff modifiers to the player or the player's enemy.  Movement overall however such as crawling, climbing, jumping, swimming, and crossing difficult terrain can present challenging combat hazards.
	The plot of this adventure is that...
	The adventure itself will consist of three acts.  Act 1 is a beta stage.  Act 2 is a gameplay expansion.  Act 3 is the grand finale, finish of JavaHero.  At the end of Act 1 and Act 2, the player's character will hit a milestone and unlock new abilities, both inside and outside of combat.  These abilities are class-dependent and may be few and far between, but will make up for it by being commonly useable in Act 2.  Act 1 will be a single linear adventure that leads to a main quest while Act 2 will consist of quests to approach that main quest, which will take up Act 3.  I do not expect to create beyond Act 1 as Act 1 is a prototype, a proof of concept, of what might be.
